hi guys today I'm going to be talking to
you about how to make it as a makeup
artist I haven't necessarily made it yet
i'm still plugging away but hopefully
give you some tips and tricks for
success tip number one go to makeup
school and aspiring artists should go to
a makeup school probably because the
best way to learn all fields of makeup
in a well-rounded way it's an amazing
starting place to make connections it's
going to help you build respect from
future clients and it will also help you
apply to a union because to apply to any
union you need to go to a government
recognized accredited makeup school it's
a good starting place if you don't know
anyone in the industry and you have no
experience whatsoever and since this
career has so many different directions
you can take so many different routes
you can go in it's good to have a
well-rounded education of all fields of
makeup that way you'll have more options
once you're finished school tip number
two just say yes to as many gigs as
possible of course you won't be making
much money for a while if anything but
you'll build relationships like for
example with directors with young
photographers with more experience
makeup artists you can assist under and
you'll build your resume and that's the
most important thing so networking is
number one thing in this industry tip
number three sort of related to tip
number to try and assist under a more
experienced makeup artist they've been
in the industry much longer than you
have in their critique and advice should
be taken most gratefully they're gonna
be the ones who call you when they're
double booked and have to refer you to a
job because they're already busy doing
something else so always be prepared
always be reliable don't forget to ask
lots of questions when the time is
appropriate tip number four don't get
stressed out with time limits if you're
on set and someone's rushing you to save
process six actors in a small amount of
time to be fair they're also pushed your
timing stress so just be upfront and
honest with them say you need however
much time to do your job correctly never
be afraid to speak up people will
respect you for that and remember you an
under attentive artist is just as no
as an over attentive artist remember
that tip number five have a good
attitude be yourself be modest heat all
the advice you can be as prepared as you
can don't beat yourself up too badly if
you make mistakes know that there's
always room for growth and with that you
should have no limits and this is just a
question for other aspiring makeup
artists out there what's one piece of
advice that you were given that you now
value as makeup artists I'm really
curious about what you guys have to say
so leave me a comment absolutely you've
been watching view TV on Carl don't
forget to subscribe and follow me on
twitter I'll see you guys next week
you